This is my first blog post.
Week 1 - 
It was a bit of a struggle to get to this point.
The first week I really didn't know what to expect, but I'm glad to be beginning my bootcamp journey. 
I'm very excited to learn more about github, as it seems like it has a wide variety of tools and uses. 
I've been enjoying the learning process so far. The image I posted is of Yusuke Urameshi, the main character in a show I like. 

Week 2 - 
This week I've been learning a lot about HTML and CSS, their purposes and how they interact with each other. The project this week, specifically, has been very fulfilling in that I feel I can actually create a page and make meaningful changes to it, and be able to see those changes take effect. I'm excited to learn more ways to change and add different objects and elements through html, css, and js as well. 
I wish I were able to read the code that we've been exposed to already (as well as code we haven't) much more efectively and quickly. Right now even with html, looking at a page of code feels pretty foreign and I have a hard time understanding what each line or tool's purpose is in the code, but I think this skill will improve with practice.
I'm currently still struggling a bit with github, in that I still feel quite unfamiliar with the commands and terminology. I think that these weekly blog posts will help in this, however, as I'll have at least a once weekly refresher/review on github when working on the blog posts.
Right now when I'm trying to solve a problem(something not working as intended), my first step is to start at the beginning and try to look over each piece for what is needed and what I've input so far for any glaring mistakes (sometimes my typing mistakes I have a hard time catching). Then I'll try to form a clear statement of what task I'm currently trying to accomplish, so I know I have an idea of what to look for in a solution. I'm typically quick to google search any misunderstanding or immediate questions that may arise when I encounter a problem. If I'm not able to search up a solution, I like to take a break and try and come back to the problem with (hopefully) a fresh view and ideally notice something I was missing by tunnel vision earlier. 

Week 3 -
Missed a lot of time due to illness and feeling a bit behind. Struggling somewhat with javascript but slowly learning. Feels like I'm understanding Github moreso than before. I'm curious to see what level of overlap there is between the functions of HTML, CSS, and javascript. How many tasks will be unique to only one of these? As for pseudocoding, I'm interested in the concept. It reminds me of rough drafting for essays. I'm typically not very good at executing a full draft phase before starting work, and sometimes this probably leads to mistakes that could have been avoided with more pre-planning; so I'm hoping I can hone pseudocoding as a useful skill.

Week 4 - Learned a lot of new concepts this week through Grasshopper and reading material. Pseudocoding is more difficult than I thought, but is really great for working through what you want to occur step-by-step. I'm looking forward to when we utilize paired programming, as it seems like a really useful tool for being able to learn hands-on, and a partner can provide some insights to misunderstandings or questions I may have, as well as an opportunity to solidify any knowledge (not much there currently!) I may have through teaching moments with another person. Unfortunately, I fell ill with covid this week and was put out of commission for most of the second half, and was unable to work on this week's project. Its frustrating, but things like this happen, and I want to take it as an opportunity to manage a backlog. A looming backlog feels stressful initially, so I'm hoping some experience will help me to handle it. Looking forward to being in-person and having my health improved to really get into some serious learning. 

Week 5 - Very happy to be in person this week! Already a countless number of times I've learned so much just from listening and talking with others in the room and working through problems. I also really like the warm-up kadas, even though I'm typically struggling with them a bit. This week has been a huge time commitment, but I am learning so much in that time. We had 3 projects this week: two involving Bootstrap, so I've become (vaguely) familiar with its uses and can at least have something resembling a web page or app. I'm not great at design nor do I have much of a passion for it in this sense, so I'll need to really stay focused on bootstrap and try to make the most out of it. I focused most of my time on the mindreader app project, and I did manage to have it almost completely functional, just had a problem with the last page displaying the symbol I wanted it to. On one hand, I feel that I have a decent understanding of state as it pertains to objects in javascript, but I'm sure there's a lot more about it I've yet to be exposed to. I did get a small taste of classes and I think they will have a wide variety of uses as I become more experienced. It was extremely satisfying to see the work and frustration finally conclude with something that halfway worked, and I'm looking forward to future projects. 


